Add non-blocking follow-on track to Verification Planner (#424)
aunger/gallery-button-for-pixel-camera: agents/verification_planning.md

2. **Changes outside the repo**: requirements that are not satisfied by any change to a file in the repo, such as an issue that needs to be filed, a setting that must be changed in an external system, or a manual operational step.
   These are easy to lose because the review process is centered on file changes; surfacing them is explicitly part of your job.

> ## Two lists

Author: I edited this, so remember to pull. (Nobody needs convincing this is two lists instead of one. Once you change the instructions, the old ones are forgotten.)

      Send the id as a bare JSON integer in the request body (not a quoted string), as the API requires.
      If the PR number is not accepted for a sub-issue relationship, fall back to making the new issue a sub-issue of the **parent issue** the PR resolves instead, by sending the same request to `.../issues/{parent issue number}/sub_issues`.
      If neither call succeeds, skip this link without failing.
4. Open one GitHub issue for each item on the *follow-on* list.
   For each item:

>    a. Title the issue `(re PR #{number}) {task title}`, using the same convention as blocking issues.

Author: ```suggestion
   a. Title the issue simply `{task title}`, without referencing the current PR.
```

   b. In the issue description, include a URL to the source comment or description, and state clearly that this issue does **not** block PR #{number} (for example, "This is a follow-on item and does not block merging PR #{number}.").
   c. Do **not** call the `blocked_by` dependency endpoint for follow-on issues.
      Do **not** add any "Blocks PR #..." line to the issue body.

>    d. Optionally make the new issue a sub-issue of the PR (same API call as step 3d), as a convenient organizational link.

Author: Remove this (d) four-line suggestion to make it a sub issue
